Anne Smith Thompson Rate My Professor Reviews:

She wants you to pass, shes willing to adjust numbers to make sure you pass has long as you show you are putting in effort. 
The only way you would fail her class is by not putting in any effort. 
Her tests aren't a surprise, she held reviews (you ask questions) before the tests. 
She passed anyone that got a C on the final regardless of midterm grade

Professor Thompson is a senior and it shows in every way. 
She should strongly consider retiring, she is hurting students by continuing to teach. 
Her instructions are VERY unclear. This ambiguity is found in exams and assignments. 
I would not recommend her to anyone, even if you are strong at coding.

She makes it clear that so long as you pass the final, you pass the class and if you fail the final (Even by one point) you fail the class. 
I never attended class because material/exams were fairly simple, the only issue was the final in which she threw complete curve balls that weren't in the same format as the midterms.

I failed both Kong and Tao. They were both awful professors—very mean and insincere. 
Then I took Anne. I attended every class and put effort into all my assignments and quizzes. 
Everything was based on what we learned. 
She's a bit disorganized and grades things late, but she's one of the sweetest women ever.

I am going to be honest, she is great as a person. 
I enjoy talking with her during office hours as she's very funny and relatable. As a lecturer though, she is not great as she can't be focused and is disorganized. 
I had to go another instructor's class to even understand what was going on. She's okay, just not easy

Taking her for 343 and 340. She cant teach at all. 
The part where she goes on tangents is true and she gets mad if you try to reach out to her after hours. 
You are relying on zybooks and sheer luck to know anything on her exams as she doesn't do proper review for her classes(except maybe 316). 
She doesn't even post class notes or recordings on time.