Kent Boklan Rate My Professor Reviews:

I'd say this class was pretty unhelpful for really learning. 
He went very fast on materials too. Grades were entirely based on 3 exams, no assignments, no quiz so no opportunities to receive feedback on understanding. 
Don't mind the exam being difficult but no review sheet or review session or old exams seemed to completely ignore student success.

Boklan is arguably one of the most difficult professors in the CS dept. 
Your grade is only based on exams. No electronics allowed, including if you are allowed to record the class via disability services. 
He does not directly follow the textbook, so if you miss a class, youre out of luck. OH are inaccessible for most students.

Only way to pass this class without going bald during finals week is 1. attending every single class and 2. showing up to the office hours(!) consistently. 
It's basically a review of that day's lecture, really helpful to see him work through the homework problems. 
If I didn't attend the majority of them I would've failed. Requires effort but doable

An honors student with 3.8 GPA in computer science. 
Trust me no matter how hard you work your grade will not reflect that in this class. 
I studied hours and hours for his exams, attended every single class but still couldn't do well. 
Out of 35 students only 4 passed. No hate to him, he teaches really well but the exams he takes are hilarious.

To everyone who is reading this, please don't be discouraged with the failing grade you get from this Professor. 
I failed on his class as well with big fat F on Spring 2021. 
I later took this class with Obrenic and passed with Grade 'A' : You can do it!!! 
Don't repeat same class with him if you have failed.

In the beginning, he makes it seem like class is easy to pass but if you are not self-studying and devoting 1 hr each day, you will fail. 
It seems like you will pass easily but no. His tests are unnecessarily confusing with multiple choices(6 options) and true and false. 
Don't fall for the curve, only ~10/50 passed. Take Prof.Obrenic instead.

