Robert Goldberg Rate My Professor Reviews:

Extremely unorganized class until the very end, tons of busy work worth single-digit percentages that accumulate to your grade, and overcomplicated the syllabus course structure into over a dozen Excel files. 
Only takes notes on Excel, coding projects were intuitive, but a little difficult with vague instructions. 
Nice guy, but hard to learn

Worst CS professor in Queens College. The amount of redundant work is just insane. 
End of semester in 3 weeks and we still haven't received a single grade. 
He does everything online but refuses to use the automated grading system on multiple choice question tests! 
The submission steps for a single file are a 10 step nightmare of manual work.

There is no clear syllabus or direction for this class at all. 
The instructions are spread out and so convoluted, overexplained to the point of confusion. 
If you don't mind clicking through 15 (no exaggeration) Excel files to figure out what the homework is, this might be the class for you

Just a waste of time like all professors, however he makes you do very tedious definition assignments. 
These assignments take around 2 hours if you are bs-ing it and you have 5 of them due within the first month. 
He floods ur emails non-stop 2 emails a day and with constant reminders about assignments. 
skip class but don't skip open-book quizzes.

I thought this class would be a cake walk, but he changed the curve to Boklan's to limit number of A's! You'll be competing with every student. 
I was able to finesse since i went to his office hours after every class and spam random questions. 
Just be careful because he will give random quizzes since people don't show up. Good luck......

He has a strong passion for teaching and is very kind towards his students. 
He gives a lot of curves, and both the quizzes and the final exam are online. 
However, the assignments are overwhelming and he needs to understand that we have other classes to deal with. There is one project, which isn't too bad. 
Overall, it's an easy pass.





